Fix Prometheus TLS configuration (#13933)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/ops/integrations/prometheus/index.md

#### TLS settings

The control plane, gateway, and Envoy sidecar metrics will all be scraped over cleartext.
However, the application metrics will follow whatever [Istio configuration](/docs/tasks/security/authentication/authn-policy) has been configured
for the workload.

* If you use `STRICT` mode, TLS must be configured. See below for TLS configuration.
* If you use `PERMISSIVE` mode, the workload typically accepts TLS and cleartext. However, Prometheus cannot send the special variant of TLS Istio requires for `PERMISSIVE` mode. As a result, you must *not* configure TLS in Prometheus.

> * If you use `DISABLE` mode, 
> In particular, if [Strict mTLS](/docs/tasks/security/authentication/authn-policy/#globally-enabling-istio-mutual-tls-in-strict-mode)
> is enabled, then Prometheus will need to be configured to scrape using Istio certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you use `DISABLE` mode, no TLS configuration is required for Prometheus.
```

> Note this this only applies to Istio-terminated TLS. If your application directly handles TLS:
> * `STRICT` mode is not supported, as Prometheus would need to send two layers of TLS which it cannot do.
> * `PERMISSIVE` mode and `DISABLE` mode should be configured the same as if Istio was not present.
> 
> See [Understanding TLS Configuration](/docs/ops/configuration/traffic-management/tls-configuration/) for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe this part is better in a tip?
```suggestion
{{< tip >}}
Note this only applies to Istio-terminated TLS. If your application directly handles TLS:
* `STRICT` mode is not supported, as Prometheus would need to send two layers of TLS which it cannot do.
* `PERMISSIVE` mode and `DISABLE` mode should be configured the same as if Istio was not present.

See [Understanding TLS Configuration](/docs/ops/configuration/traffic-management/tls-configuration/) for more information.
{{< /tip >}}
```

#### TLS settings

The control plane, gateway, and Envoy sidecar metrics will all be scraped over cleartext.

> However, the application metrics will follow whatever [Istio configuration](/docs/tasks/security/authentication/authn-policy) has been configured

Reviewer: As suggested by @ilrudie:
```suggestion
However, the application metrics will follow whatever [Istio authentication policy](/docs/tasks/security/authentication/authn-policy) has been configured
```
